

The goal of the gneuralnetwork project is to produce an implementation of neural networks that meets the following
criteria:

   1.  Compiles to efficient machine code. (with parallel processing enabled, via OMP and/or CUDA).  We will not
       be using languages that require an intepreter or a virtual machine.

   2.  Allows heterogenous networks in which different nodes (or different layers) can have different activation
       functions.

   3.  Allows networks of any structure, with or without layers, feedforward or recurrent, shallow or very deep.

   4.  Implements training of networks by many different methods.

   5.  Implements derivation of network structure via evolutionary algorithms and/or cascade correlation learning.

   6.  Supports very large neural networks.

   7.  Has a Free or Open Source license so anybody can use it, fork it, or contribute to it.

   8.  Supports a domain-specific programming language for specifying neural networks.

   9.  Supports programming and command-line interfaces so that networks can be also controlled or configured from shell
       or from programs written in other languages.

  10.  Is well documented so people can figure out how to use it.

  11.  Has support routines including a wide variety of ways to get data (text, graphics, numbers, etc) into and
       out of neural networks - to encode them as inputs or decode them as outputs.

Gneuralnetwork is currently under development and meets very few of these goals.  It is not at this time suitable for
any projects other than continued development of gneuralnetwork.  Contributions are welcome.

This project is hosted at https://savannah.gnu.org/projects/gneuralnetwork.  You can review the bug list and task lists
there.  If you've looked at our list and don't see any evidence that we're aware of a bug or task that is something you
think is an important issue, or if you're a developer and would like to contribute, please contact Jean-Michel Sellier
(jeanmichel.sellier@gmail.com) or Ray Dillinger (bear@sonic.net).  We will be happy to answer your questions.

This documentation page most recently updated 19 September 2016 by Ray Dillinger.